Hallo! Welcome to the Github Repository for the 4DS.

The 4DS is a standalone project by Astronuat21 *(me!!!)* aiming to make a dual screen console _akin to the Nintendo DS's_ but with stronger hardware, better battery life and specs in general. The device is also much larger than the ones you might have at home; coming in at around 19x11.5x(3?)cm, the device is better suited for people with bigger hands who may find uncomfortability using even the stardard XL models. This extra size is also used for more Wh's, airflow and more. The hardware pretty easily tops the Switch, using the Lattepanda Mu SoC and it's N100 CPU, alongside 16GB of RAM and expandable Gen 3 SSD storage. If you so choose, this project should also be compatible with the upgraded N305 version (although it will be almost useless due to its higher Wattage requirements), and you can also get a bigger SSD _Note: I don't play AAA so 512GB is enough for me! That's what I used to have on my main PC >:/_.

This repository contains all the PCB files used in this project, including schematics and circuit boards. **Assuming everything works,** you should be able to reproduce the exact boards I used and reprint them for yourself. Also included are all the 3D files used in 3D printing or other purposes as well as some images to look at. They can be found in **/3D Models** and **/Images** respectively. You will also need some of the additional programs included for things like the RP2040 MCU, which can be found in **/Programs**. If I make some fun frontend stuff someday, you'll probably find it here aswell!

I built this to challenge myself to make a console that I would be proud to daily drive. My 2DS XL is great, but it definitely can't play my Steam library, and while I _can_ fit a Switch in some pockets, it dosen't quite have the extensive game library (for what I actually play). Unlike the _New (or not really)_ DS, which can play NES, SNES, GB/GBA and ofcourse DS and 3DS games (among many more!), the Switch needs Nintendo Online for that as far as I know, and I would rather explode then deal with subscriptions. So thats where Ive ended up now, with the great opportunity to flex superior intellect on some friends.

I do want to make a sort of v2 version of this, mainly because the summer deadline has forced me to ignore some potential improvements that could improve the project in both size and price. For now atleast, I've made my peace with having this first version be a bit scuffed, although I am still impressed with my work. I will make sure to create a release specifically for the 4DS, and then make another for the 4DSV2, which I am only calling the 4DSV2 to pretend like I will come up with a better name than the "New 4DS". I think it's a little clear by now that im not exactly the most original.

If you intend to use this repository for any reason, **PLEASE CREDIT ME!!** I am happy to have others use this project as a reference or recreate what I have built, you can contact me with whatever you make, I would be honored. In the future, a _full-ish_ guide will be provided so that you can build your own 4DS if you'd like, but hopefully the repository is clear enough that you can do it on your own.

The 4DS Repository is under the AGPL-3.0 license. To be honest, I don't know too much about what that means. Still follow the law, kids.